1- What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A file called .git would be created when you initialize a respository using
	git init. This file will not create a commit or add the files in the directory
	to the repository. If we did not do it, a repository would not be created and
	no commits would be saved and version control would not be implemented.

2- How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
   What value do you think it offers?
   
   The staging area contains the files that will be saved if a commit was commanded.
   The working directory contains all files, even files that are not being tracked
   by the repository. This allows for smaller sizes of the repository since it will
   only include the files that I think are related to the project. No need to keep
   track of a file that is complete and will not be changed for the rest of the 
   development. The repository contains the saved versions that we commited.
   
3- How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Whenever I reach a point that can be committed. First, I will move it to the
	staging area. Then use git diff --staged to compare between it and the committed
	version available. If the change felt too small, I can make more changes and
	check those new changes compared to the staging area using git diff. Once I have
	a good change that can be committed, I can commit after comparing it using the 
	staging area. Also, if I was too excited about a change that I was doing, I
	could add the file to the staging area once I reach a logical change and 
	continue with the work without a big stop.
	
4- What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
   organized? How would branches help?
   
   Branches would be very helpful when we will be creating two different paths of
   the software to match the needs of different users. An easy mode version is one
   thing that we can do, or a version that is less general for a specific customer.
   Also, it can be very helpful in organizing experimental functions that we can
   explore. It also allows the merge of those versions together if the change did
   work out and no issues were added to the program. One more thing, it allows for
   the workers to be divided into two teams, one exploring new things and one fixing
   bugs in the original software.

5- How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams show us visually the commits on each branch and when they get
	separated into branches. They also show what changes were made on each
	branch and what can and cant be reached between the commits on each branch.
	
6- What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent
   it in the diagram the way we do?
   
   The result is a single program that contains both features from the branches.
   It contains all the changes made in both branches, as well as the history.
   We represent merges that way because it helps in showing the previous changes
   made in each branch and the point where they joined together. This also helps
   us with looking at which commits are coming from which branch instead of getting
   confused with different order since the timestamp is used for the new order in
   the merged branch.

7- What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. 
   always doing merges manually?
   
   Git's automatic merging is very convenient since it saves time with the 
   comparison between the files. Git looks for the differences and makes decisions
   regarding any conflict in that area. It also asks for help if a decision cannot
   be made regarding the changes in a certain area, while marking the area of concern.
   Cons could be that it could merge two parts of the code that may seem different
   but have the same function since they could be in different areas of the code.
   It also could cause big issues since merging is not that simple of a task. 
   The changes would need to be small enough to allow git to merge correctly. Having
   merge add a big chunk of code together could result in a lot of issues.